Add nonce placeholder to CSP docs (#7672)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/docs/50-api-reference/10-configuration.md

...would prevent scripts loading from external sites. SvelteKit will augment the specified directives with nonces or hashes (depending on `mode`) for any inline styles and scripts it generates.

> To add nonce on a specific script, you may use the placeholder `%sveltekit.nonce%` as `<script nonce="%sveltekit.nonce%">` on scripts loaded in app.html.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a nonce for scripts and links manually included in `app.html`, you may use the placeholder `%sveltekit.nonce%` (for example `<script nonce="%sveltekit.nonce%">`).
```
